---
layout: default
title: Venice
city: Venice
country: Italy
permalink: /venice
date: '2012-11-10'
tags:
- venice
- italy
- 2012
---
I imagine a homecoming here: an old sailor who moved away to Milan, now arrives from the train station, takes a deep breath, and looks up. Instantly, a familiar ornate green roof attracts his attention. The particularly pungent odor of sardines and moldy water fills his lungs as he exhales and whispers, “I’m finally home”. On his scarred upper lip, a slight smile and a slight glide to his imperfect gait; he needs no street signs or mirrors to navigate these winding calles.

Despite the overwhelming tumult of tourists, squeezing by and getting smacked by each other’s large black backpacks, the old man treads with place in mind; he glides as if he were ten years old and already learning the knots and ropes. He’s been floating ever since: floating to the grocery store, floating to the theater, floating to meet his wife Anna (just a friend, then), who decorated the ship with her big smile and long chestnut hair.

But 30 days of the year was 30 days too much for his mother. She grew tired of the ugly metal gates that barred door entrances, and water sloshing into her rain boots. Weary of the waves that chipped away at the dock like a woodpecker, wondering how much time was left until it would just wash away. And weary of the rainbow of mold above the indecisive water line that traded clams for the color of bricks. He proposed to Anna beneath the Rialto, and they spent their last day here on the sea.

Now, he stands at the cusp of the canal and his wife’s old home. It has become a Murano glass shop, seducing tourists who were originally seduced by the thought of a romantic gondola ride with wine. He does not care to look inside the store, but instead faces the water — faces the spot that he used to pull his boat up to and rope it off for the first of Anna's smiles that day. They needed no stripe-shirted gondolier where they floated. Now, he stands and looks out on the narrow canal, lowering and raising his eyelids to the reflection of the sun on the sea. It is slowly sinking.