---
layout: post
slug: dc
city: Washington DC
country: USA
permalink: /dc
date: '2016-02-29'
tags:
- Washington DC
- USA
- 2014
---

DC will always be in my heart.

I grew up here. Learned to who I was here. Loved to bike here.

Got to know the neighborhoods, the bus system, the little paths behind main streets, through woods that almost felt like a jungle, across a river, past a marina into Alexandria. Watching airplanes take off and land, stumbling into art galleries at night. A little polaroid installation and you had to bring a flashlight.

I chased storms here. Ran marathons here. Stumbled home here.

Bringing flasks to the monuments was a right of passage. Watching the sun rise from the steps of the Lincoln Memorial, finding your state and laughing at the phallacy of the Washington Monument. Watching a dignitary go by, streets closed off, annoyed. Annoyed at tourists delighted at cherry blossoms.

Turned 21 here. Went out to clubs here. Was the only one dancing with my roommate a little too early here.

Waking up at noon on Sundays to go to brunch like it was our religion. Walking through the zoo for free, watching the otters hold hands but never seeing the pandas. Entertaining guests was easy. I think I've seen the Hope Diamond at least 5 times. Danced until I was walking home barefoot and carrying my roommate on my back at 3 AM. So many margaritas and chips and salsa lunches before going shopping in Georgetown. Well, pretending to at least. We didnt have much money then.

I felt free here. Drew that tattoo for my roommate here. Graduated here.

DC will always be in my heart.